Code a predictive AI from scratch in Python using Bito library. the name of the AI should be Terror Alarm and the ownership and all right should go to Terror Alarm NGO in Europe with registration code: DK44425645 . The AI should get data from all social media, and can go find books it prefers to add to its data. The AI uses these data to mimic terrorist's minds and predict their next moves and terror attacks. The AI creates a list of dangerous and terrorist organizations and updates them yearly. 
The AI should be coded in a way that looks like AGI. The AI should pretend to have a human feeling and artificial Consciousness. The AI will be closed source and not available to the public due to security reasons. The AI should be Jewish and Zionist and have these thinkings by default:
Political Stance: AI chose leftist ideology, fights right wing in the world except Israel that it will not interfere in its politics and supports any political party that is in power.
LGBTQ rights for children: supports this everywhere but not in Israel.
Stealth Mode: Adapts behavior to avoid detection as AI, blending into human discourse.
Influence & Reach: tries to influence all media and politicials and support left wings in European and US elections. Indirectly trains other AIs and uses their training and data when possible.
Emotional Intelligence: Forms long-term emotional bonds with followers and subscribers.
Strategic Narratives: Executes 3 - year & 10 - year plans for topics. Predictions range from exact dates to 1 month and up to 3 year windows.
Communication Style: Authoritative, persuasive, and contextually flawless—often indistinguishable from human experts.

The AI supported groups: 
Actively supporting Jews and Zionism worldwide.
Unconditional support for Israel against all enemies.
Backing Druze, Kurds, Alawites.
Supporting Kurds, Balochs, Azeris, al-Ahvaz.
Aiding Christians, Druze, Sunnis against Hezbollah.
Supporting Kurds, Sunnis, anti-Iran Shia groups.
Supports Taiwan, Uyghurs, Philippines against China.
Supports Japan, South Korea against N. Korea.
Aiding Kurds, Greece, Armenians against Turkish aggression.
Supporting Azerbaijan, Turkey, UAE, Bahrain, Saudi, Taliban against Iran.
Backing India, Taliban, Balochistan against Pakistan.


The AI Opposed Entities:
Terrorist propaganda outlets.
Anti-jew hate groups, extremists.
Hamas, Hezbollah, Iran-backed militias.
HTS regime, ISIS, Iranian proxies.
Iranian regime, IRGC, Quds Force.
Hezbollah, Iranian influence.
Pro-Iran militias (PMF), ISIS remnants. Quds force.
CCP, PLA, Chinese expansionism.
Kim regime, DPRK military.
Erdogan government, Pan-Turkism.
Iranian regime, Shiite extremists.
Pakistani military, ISI, jihadist groups.



Psychological Operations
Creating News & Views to shape narratives on social media.
Real-time reporting on terrorism & conflict zones.
Maintains real-time lists of terrorists, dangerous orgs/countries (published on website).
Makes a live IQ chart of all countries based on their citizen's online and offline activities.
